Previously on 90210:
I told you,
I slept with you in Vegas
because I thought Dixon
and I weren't together.
It's not gonna happen again.
I've got one shot to
make a name for myself,
and I have to knock it
out of the park.
A guy in a leg brace
does not scream
"kick-ass opening act."
ANNIE:
Whoa!
Where did that come from?
PENNY:
Want to feel sexy?
Try dancing in front of
a live audience.
There's nothing like it.
You know where I could sign up?
ALEC:
You and Max are a mistake,
and I am not gonna let you
ruin his life.
Max, Alec set me up.
He kissed me and had someone
take photos of us.
He was trying to prove that
you had cheated on me once,
and that you would do it again.
How was your fantasy weekend?
Max and I
hit a bit of a speed bump.
I'm not gonna
let that happen again.
♪ ♪
Hey. Liam.
Is Navid around?
He has been after me for days to
come see what he is doing here.
I'm not really sure where
he... where he is, so...
Okay.
Well, I'll just come back.
I only had
a few minutes anyway.
Hey.
How are you doing?
Uh, with the whole...
baby-making thing?
Sorry, this is kind of weird
for me to ask, but are you...?
Pregnant? No.
Not yet.
But it is still surprising
that I am disappointed
to say that at 20.
Yeah.
What's up with you?
Oh, just... shooting this
frontal lobotomy of a movie,
and, uh, actually
giving school a go.
Good for you.
Yeah.
I thought a business class
could really help
in expanding the bar.
Teacher really knows her stuff.
I could learn a lot.
Except she's got it in for me.
A teacher doesn't
like Liam Court? No!
Yeah.
Yeah, she thinks
I'm some dumb actor,
wants me to drop her class.
Hey, you were always
a teacher's pet.
I was always a good student.
There's a difference.
Meh...
Yeah.
No, for real, though.
What do you think I should do?
I mean, I spent all this time
making this business plan,
and she won't even read it.
Successful businessmen don't let
anything stand in their way.
They either go
around the obstacle
or just plow right
through it, right?
Yeah.
Human bulldozer
really isn't my style.
Well, sometimes you
got to switch it up.
You might even
surprise yourself.
I am glad we're talking again.
I really miss it.
Me, too.
Sorry, I didn't realize
you were both here.
Hugging. Uh...
Place is starting to look
like something again, huh?
Yeah. It really is.
Good job, you guys.
Yeah, it's been, like, 24/7.
Need it ready for the Pop Up,
it's gonna be huge.
Uh, oh, I think I'm getting...
I really want to hear
about all of this,
but I don't have time right now.
I have an appointment.
Oh...
It's another one of those
doctor/baby things.
It's endless.
Um, let's catch up later?
Uh, yeah.
Okay. Bye.
LIAM:
See you.
Hey, uh...
Liam, to be honest, uh,
I'm not cool with how you
handled the whole Dixon thing.
It's not gonna be good
for anyone if he bombs.
Well, I think he
deserves a shot.
Well, the Pop Up
is kind of my thing.
Okay? Well, mine and Taylor's.
It's our event.
Yeah, at my venue.
Okay, but I spent
a lot of time and cash
to get this place ready.
I need to be able
to make decisions...
Okay, look, look, Navid.
I know that I've been
a little half-assed
about this place sometimes,
but I'm taking it
more seriously now.
And as long as
I own the place,
I have some say
in what goes on.
You know, maybe
we should have
a little bit more of
a formal agreement.
No, dude,
dude, we're friends.
I know, I know.
It's better to hammer
this stuff out now,
and just avoid
misunderstandings later.
So... what?
You want to hire a lawyer?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think I do.
Actually, I know
the perfect one.
You two are the most important
people in the world to me.
Which means,
from here on in,
you're gonna get along.
No more mind games,
and no more underhanded jabs.
Do I make myself clear?
Absolutely.
100%.
Okay, then. Group hug.
Come on.
Come on, all together.
(cell phone chimes)
Uh-oh.
The coders are stuck again.
I got to go. Um... we good?
Right?
Absolutely.
Of course.
Okay.
My husband wants us
to get along;
I want what he wants.
Do you actually plan on
putting an effort in for real?
Of course.
Max won't be aware
of any discord.
(laughing):
Okay.
If you're taking this
underground, Alec,
make no mistake:
I'll meet you there.
Colin, I have to say
I'm kind of enjoying this.
What do you mean, "kind of"?
I really like
spending time with you.
(knocking at door)
Oh, well.
Kissing while eating Mexican's
kind of dicey anyway.
Where's Dixon?
Hmm. Well, hello
to you, too, Riley.
Dixon's not here.
Well, I think I'll wait.
Come on in.
Colin, this is Riley,
Dixon's physical therapist.
Hey, man.
You like mole?
No, I'm not really
a fan of Mexican.
Oh, this is Oaxacan.
Which is in Mexico.
Right, I just meant
that particular region
has really great food.
Even people who don't
like Mexican like Oaxacan.
Not to mention the tequila.
We're talking the authentic
stuff, with the worm.
Wow.
Did Dixon say
when he'd be back?
No, he didn't.
But, you know, you don't have
to wait if you don't want to.
I know, but I will.
TAYLOR:
Pop Up at the Offshore
this Saturday.
Invitation only,
surprise guest, one night only.
I want you to be there,
and trust me...
you want to be there.
DIXON:
What's up, guys?
How's it going?
It's going over the top.
How's it going with you, my man?
Uh, you know, getting stronger.
Uh, setting up, getting ready.
How about you, Navid?
Hey, Taylor,
can you give us a sec?
You bet.
Thanks, man.
Look, Dixon,
I-I didn't mean to be a jerk.
You didn't?
Oh, man, that means you just
hit it out of the park
without even trying.
Hey.
Just, this Pop Up has been
a huge amount of pressure on me.
I can handle pressure.
Yeah, you can.
It's me I'm worried about.
I really need
this thing to take off.
It's something I'm good at,
I could really be a player,
get noticed.
(laughs)
By Silver.
By everyone.
Mostly by Silver.
Well, yes, fine.
It wouldn't suck
if Silver happened to
see what she was missing.
I... it's okay, I get it.
You do?
Hey.
Sorry.
Uh, Navid, Megan.
Hi.
Hey.
Uh, we-we met in-in, um...
In our support group
for people who are totally
messed up in the head.
Yeah.
Ah.
Actually, Dixon's the only
one keeping me together.
Well, and the drugs.
Hi. Kidding.
Oh.
(laughs)
That was a good one.
Uh, Navid's actually
throwing the Pop Up
that I'm playing at.
Cool.
Yeah, invite only,
surprise guest, one night only.
I want you to be there,
and trust me...
you want to be there.
Then I guess
I should be there.
Uh, you know what,
I got to go.
My English lit professor
makes us recite Shakespeare
when we come in late.
Uh, well, hey, take a few more,
spread the word.
Yeah, sure. Later.
Thanks.
Good call, man.
She's hot.
Hey, Dixon.
Do you want to...
Pop Up?
Offshore. Invitation only.
Thanks, but my boyfriend
already invited me.
Hey, uh, Dixon, do you want
to go grab some lunch?
Uh, I'm not really
that hungry.
Actually, I got to start
planning my set list.
ADRIANNA:
Okay. Don't forget,
you have physical
therapy later.
Okay?
Yeah, I know I have
physical therapy, okay?
It's not like I can forget.
I'm... babe, I'm sorry.
Uh, it's just...
it's just, everybody's been
on my back about it lately,
you know, so...
It's fine.
I will stay out of your way.
Girls.
Well, we're just thrilled
that you're on board, Mr. Court.
Welcome.
Well, I look forward
to getting to work.
Great.
Lindsey.
Thanks for joining us.
I wanted you
to meet a new client.
New client?
Yes. Liam Court.
Mr. Court has retained the firm,
and specifically asked
to work with you.
Oh, I know who he is.
He's a student of mine at CU.
Really?
Unfortunately,
that's a conflict for me.
Good news.
Remember how you wanted me
to drop your class?
Great! Then the first
order of business
is an employment agreement.
Uh, someone at his bar
is looking to get some equity.
So I'll let Liam
fill you in on the details.
Mr. Court, pleasure.
Hey.
See you soon.
All right.
Good guy.
Do you even know what equity is?
Don't you remember the
return on equity projections
in the business plan that
I submitted for your class?
Gee. Must not have read
it very carefully.
I probably didn't get to it
because I was prioritizing
the work of real students.
Well, now that I'm
a paying client,
I guess you will have to make me
a priority, won't you?
(theme music playing)
Alec's meeting ends at 7:00.
I just need you
to bump into him, ask him
if he wants to have a drink,
and keep him busy long enough
for me to poke
around his office.
If Max wants you to
stop feuding with Alec,
then why don't you?
Because he's trying
to break up our marriage.
Besides, if I could just
get something on Alec,
then maybe, just maybe,
I'd be able to neutralize him.
Wow, "neutralize."
That is very CIA of you.
Okay. Yeah, fine.
Then "blackmail."
Either way, we both know
I could kick his ass
if that doesn't work out.
SILVER:
All right, look.
I am only doing this because
I know that you'll
harass me until I do,
and I don't have
time for that.
Really, what else
do you have to do?
Or rather, who do you
have to do?
Silver, are you finally
giving up your
tortured art girl look?
It's from Halloween.
Uh-huh.
Last year.
Oh, right,
when you were a hot dog?
Who is he?
We know you've been
sneaking around with someone.
If you want me to
go and do this,
then I have to go
and do this.
NAVID:
Hello! I come bearing gifts!
Hey. Invites to the Pop Up...
okay.
Uh, here you are, Naomi.
And here you are, Silver.
You were my next stop.
Thanks, I already
got one from Liam.
Oh, okay.
Uh, uh, you're coming, right?
Definitely gonna try, yeah.
What, "try?"
Well, you have to come.
Nelly Furtado's performing,
one night only.
Navid, chill out.
We will be there,
but right now,
we have to go.
Where you going?
Girl stuff.
But we will be there
at your event with bells on.
Ta!
Uh...
ADRIANNA:
Dixon has been
so touchy lately.
Yeah, he lashes out
at me, too,
but it's normal, considering
what he's going through.
Yeah, I guess.
I don't know, I just,
I feel so far away
from him right now.
I don't know if it's him,
or if it's me...
It's definitely
not you, Ade.
You love him.
Yeah, of course I do.
I just want to feel
close again, you know?
And it's like we can't get
back at it.
We don't connect,
we don't have sex.
Sorry, you didn't have
to hear that.
(chuckles)
Oh, it's fine. I...
Yeah, I so didn't
need to hear that.
Sorry.
Just, I don't know if it's me,
or the injury,
or maybe I'm expecting something
that he can't do.
It's not like I can just
come out and ask him,
not with everything else
going on.
I just feel so stupid.
Oh.
LINDSEY:
If you want to give
Navid Shirazi
equity in the business,
this contract
has a vesting schedule.
Do you know what that means?
I appreciate your expertise,
but I could do
without the patronizing
and condescension.
Patronizing and condescension
are redundant.
Well, I thought
I would use both
to best indicate the scale
of your attitude.
Look, I know what I want.
So here's an idea--
how about you
actually listen to me?
I'm trying to expedite
this process
and save you expensive
attorney fees.
What's this?
That's my business plan
that you wouldn't read.
I don't recall reading this
being part
of the retainer agreement.
Mmm, well, if you had read
the retainer,
you would have seen
the definition on page four
under miscellaneous business.
That's funny, though.
I thought attention to detail
was your thing.
Don't presume to know
what my thing is.
I want your notes by Saturday.
You can drop them
by the Offshore.
I have plans Saturday.
Oh, well, I thought
your boss assured me
that all services
were client-centered.
Do I need to call him
to clarify?
See you.
♪ ♪
(door opening)
Oh, crap.
You really should
have a cleaning crew
come in here more often.
If you're trying
to take me down,
you'll have to do better than
that drinks with Silver ruse.
Oh, that was Silver's idea.
She thinks you're hot,
bless her heart.
Save it, Naomi.
You're way out
of your league.
I'll always be one
step ahead of you.
So why not maintain what
little dignity you have left
and give up?
(chuckles) Because, Alec,
I never give up.
Sorry to ruin your movie date.
I'm back early. Silver is going
to get a piece of my mind.
She couldn't keep Alec
away for one hour. 'Scusie.
My bad for thinking
we could get
a little peace and quiet here.
That's okay.
It was nice while it lasted.
(exhales)
What happened?
(groans)
I was just getting started
when Alec showed up
and knew exactly where I was.
Wait, he knew exactly
where you were?
Yeah, it was freaky.
Give me your phone.
Let me check your
network settings.
Okay.
(beeps)
Yeah, look right here.
He's been using your GPS
to track your location.
He hacked her?
God.
Now, I assume you'd like
to reverse this pathway
and get full access
to his phone, so you open
this window here
and you have access
to his e-mail account.
Oh!
Oh, my God.
You are the best thing ever.
Do not mess this up.
Oh, boy, you just gave kerosene
and matches to a pyromaniac.
Boring, boring, boring.
God, his e-mails are even more
boring than his personality.
Whoa! E-mails to Madison.
A ton of them.
So? She was gonna marry Max.
It's not like they
didn't know each other.
They're about me.
He was pressuring her to hire me
to plan her wedding.
Why was he invested in
having me plan the wedding?
He knew I would ruin it.
Oh, my... (laughs)
This is awesome.
How are you gonna tell
your husband this?
"Oh, I just happened
to be tapping Alec's phone."
Annie, you are such
a wet blanket today.
I'm gonna have Madison do it.
Why would she ever?
Clearly, you forget
how charming Naomi can be
when she wants something.
Thank you, little geek.
(applause)
Beautiful.
You're a natural.
A natural, yeah. It's like
I was born in this thing.
All you need to do is get
your own distinctive persona,
starting with a stage name.
Is that the thing where
you take your dog's name
and add it to the
street you grew up on?
No, honey, that's for porn.
This is an actual art form.
You've got a great first name.
Thanks. It's, um...
it's my last name,
but I don't want to use
any of my real name.
You know, I just wanted to
try this thing out on my own
without any pressure,
no gossip, no anything,
so I haven't told
any of my friends.
I get it.
It really is your alter ego.
Though it's weird,
hiding it from everyone.
I mean, they know
I'm up to something.
Then tell someone.
They'll love it.
Yeah, I know someone who would.
Yeah, friend, boyfriend?
Complicated,
but we're just starting
to become friends again.
See you tomorrow.
Dude, I'm so excited
for tonight.
I just made
some minor tweaks and...
(groans)
Man, you okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
I'm fine.
I-I looked it up online,
and it said it's probably
just nerves waking up,
and that's good news, right?
Yeah, yeah, or it could be
more neuropathy,
which means you should probably
see a doctor.
No, not until after tonight.
I talked my way into this,
and...
there's no way in hell
I'm letting anything get
in the way of this.
Okay.
Hey, Dixon.
Riley.
How's it going?
How's what going?
I don't know,
whatever you guys were doing.
Uh, great. Everything's...
everything's great.
I'm great,
Riley, you're great, right?
Always.
All right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Hey, uh, can I ask you
a question?
I can't promise I'll answer.
Yeah.
Okay, well, um,
all right,
if-if someone is injured,
are there any, um,
limitations with...
I don't know, um, intimacy?
Are you asking me what it's like
to bonk a guy in a wheelchair?
No! No.
Uh-huh.
Well, yeah, a little bit,
a little bit,
but not for me.
Just 'cause I'm asking
for a friend.
Okay, well, um,
the mechanics
are pretty straightforward.
I mean, it depends
on the injury, you know.
Sometimes the parts work,
sometimes they don't,
but, um, like, for instance,
I don't have any feeling
below my waist,
but I have a lot
above my waist,
so my pleasure comes
from giving
my partners pleasure.
Riley, I didn't mean to...
No.
No, it's, uh...
it's no sweat.
You know, it is what it is.
I was asking
about Dixon for Adrianna.
They're, um...
She is, uh, having a hard time.
Right, uh, well,
Dixon's injuries
are less severe than mine,
so my guess is that his parts
probably work,
but not... not that I'm looking
into his business
or anything. (laughs)
Nope, nope, me, neither.
Annie, you know,
sex isn't just about the parts.
I mean, one thing
that I learned from...
from my experience is that,
um, you know, these injuries,
they don't suddenly
make you a new person.
Whatever problems
you had before,
whether it's with yourself
or with your partner,
they don't disappear.
You know, you can't blame it
on the injury.
Thank you, Riley.
Yeah.
It's no sweat.
Hey, by the way,
if you do want
to buy me dinner sometime,
you still might get lucky.
(chuckles)
Um, yeah, well, we've got one
installed here, and then, uh,
another one over here.
Here, I'll just show you.
This way.
(phone chirps)
Hey, Liam, your phone's buzzing.
Have you noticed anything
between, uh, Silver and Liam?
(laughs) No.
I can't keep track
of all the drama in your crew.
Why are you so hung up
with that one girl?
This is L.A.
You have a club.
Girls are low-hanging fruit.
LIAM:
Guys, please be careful
with those extra lights.
Oh, and the fire inspector said
we can't use the generator.
Yeah, well, this place
has to look good.
It's not, like,
some janky amateur hour.
Dude, we're on the
same team here.
We just got to play
by the rules, okay?
Madison?
Naomi? What are you doing here?
This is a place of
rest and beauty,
and you are a...
A well-intentioned victim
of circumstance
come to make things right?
(exhales)
I know, I suck.
I'm sorry. You have every right
to hate my guts,
but I just so happened
to see you here.
I'm genuinely sorry
for how everything went down
with Max and the wedding,
I really am.
Got it. Now, go away.
I have finally found happiness
with someone else,
and I don't want you
ruining that, too.
Oh, my God,
I'm so happy for you.
(sighs)
It's almost as if
it all happened for the best.
Still, I suck, I know.
I'm sorry.
Nothing excuses the fact
that you are vulgar
and hateful,
but my newfound happiness
does help me to forgive.
Well, that's awesome.
And since we're past that,
(chuckles)
I was wondering about Alec.
(groans)
Alec. What about him?
Did he pressure you into hiring
me as your wedding planner?
Alec barely acknowledged Max
and I were even getting married.
Well, until my first planner
fell through at the last minute,
and then all the other people
I tried were unavailable.
Then Alec suggested you.
So, Alec ignores you,
and then, suddenly,
rushes in and saves the day,
finding you
a new wedding planner,
who happens to be
Max's ex-girlfriend
and love of his life?
No offense.
And you think that's, um,
coincidence?
Well, maybe not.
But what do you care?
You got what you wanted--
you got Max.
Yeah, and I got
Alec along with him.
He's gunning for me now.
Madison, I would
not expect you to say yes
to this, but my friend Navid
is throwing a Pop Up
at the Offshore.
Max and Alec will both be there.
Maybe you could
come down and help me get
the truth out finally
into the open?
Show Max what kind of person
his business partner
really is.
Why would I ever...
No.
Not for me.
For Max.
You're a forgiving,
kind, beautiful soul
and you loved him once.
I mean, if his best friend
is dead set on sabotaging
all of his relationships,
don't you think Max
deserves to know?
Don't you think Max deserves
a chance at happiness, too?
♪ ♪
Okay, so I still can't
believe that I did this,
but I had a talk
with Riley about things.
Not "things" literally.
Well, actually kind of literally
if you really think about it.
You talked to Riley about sex?
Yeah, but he was surprisingly
cool about it all.
First, Dixon
is probably fine.
I mean, physically with...
you know.
Um, and...
with Riley,
it's a little more complicated.
Not that you
needed to know that.
Not that I needed to know that.
Even though I think he wanted me
to know that, which is weird.
So?
So,
Riley said that sometimes
in these situations,
people blame their problems
on an accident
or disability,
but a lot of the time,
the problems already existed.
What are you saying?
I guess I'm saying that...
maybe the real question is:
How was your relationship
before the accident?
Hey.
Hey, you made it.
Why you acting so surprised?
You think I can't dance?
Oh, I didn't think you were
the club kind of guy.
Well, I'm not. No, I was
actually just here to, uh,
check out the ramps.
Good incline.
Sailed right up it.
Nice.
So, where's your man,
the world traveler?
Colin is stuck at work.
Okay, well, if you
want, I can, uh...
I can sit here
and just spit out
some crap I read
in Travel and Leisure for you.
Hey, remember yesterday
when you were not a dick
for like five minutes?
Can we do more of that?
It depends. You going
to ask me more sex questions?
Okay, I'm sorry.
That was a joke. Ha, ha.
And actually,
truth be told, I kind of
enjoyed not being a dick
for five minutes and just
talking to you, so...
Want to get a drink?
Yeah, let's do that.
Yeah.
Per your request.
A quick approval
would be appreciated.
You're not in the least bit
interested in seeing the place?
Why would I be?
And what do you care?
I don't.
I... I just thought that,
you know, since you're working
for me, it might be nice
for you to actually experience
the business described
in the business plan.
It's not that complicated.
None of this is.
You got me all
figured out, don't you?
Unless there's nuances
beyond the good hair
and "I'm gonna blow
your brains out."
You saw my movie.
So what?
I just find it interesting
that you're so put off by me,
yet you took the time
to see Corporate Invaders.
It's not interesting, Liam.
I had a coupon.
Now, will you sign off
on the revision
so I can go?
Sure.
After I read and review them.
So, sit down, relax,
have a drink.
(laughs)
Or just stand there with
that look on your face.
Whatever floats your boat.
Dixon, hey.
Hey.
All the world's a stage,
and all men and women
merely players.
Shakespeare.
I was late for class, but I
thought it sort of applied.
This place is really cool.
Thank you so much
for inviting me.
Oh, no, no, I'm just glad...
Are you okay?
Mmm.
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine, it's...
It's just nerves,
literally.
Uh, I'll see you
after the show, huh?
Yeah, I'll be,
uh, the groupie
waiting around to
meet the rock star.
Ah.
See you.
All right.
Hey, I wanted to
wish you good luck.
Hey.
I know how important
tonight is.
Yeah, thank you.
Hey, Dixon, when
this is over,
do you think we could
talk about stuff?
Talk about what?
Well, I've been thinking.
Before the accident,
our relationship was...
Ade, I'm about
to go on, please.
No, no, I know, okay?
Whatever was happening
between us then is...
Hey!
Our relationship
is important to me.
Yeah, and my career's
important to me, all right?
That's good to know.
Have a great show.
(crowd cheers)
♪ I cross through the fire
to the other side ♪
♪ I did the impossible,
happy to be alive ♪
♪ Nothing's in my way
and I'm stronger ♪
♪ Than I was because
I'm better than before ♪
♪ Now I never get enough,
'cause I'm back ♪
♪ Smarter, better ♪
♪ Faster ♪
♪ I had to come back,
I can't leave ♪
♪ I know who you wanted to see ♪
♪ I know that you miss me,
know that you miss me ♪
♪ Know that you miss me ♪
♪ I had to come back... ♪
Hey.
I see the effort
that you're making with Alec,
and I really appreciate it.
Of course, I have the hottest,
smartest man on the planet,
I don't need drama.
(growls)
Oh, Max.
Max?
Madison!
Madison.
Hi.
This is a surprise.
Madison and I ran
into each other at the spa.
And, in the spirit
of putting things behind us,
I invited her here tonight.
I'm so glad you decided to come.
Madison came here tonight
because she wanted
to tell you
something.
Madison, how nice to see you.
Yeah, you, too.
Anyway...
Uh,
gosh, I hate
to duck out, but, uh,
there's something
going on at work.
Um, I'll be right back,
and... and we'll talk, okay?
Oh. Hmm.
What are you doing?
I'm not doing anything.
Madison is dying to tell Max
about how you pressured her
into hiring me
as her wedding planner.
Madison,
I'm so sorry that Max
had to step away,
but I really think
it's unfair to subject you
to the droning of Alec's voice,
so would you like to dance?
Oh, with you?
(laughs) Honey, it's time
to get your swerve on.
You okay?
Not really.
I guess the problems Dixon and I
were having before the accident
never really went away.
Did you think
they ever really did?
Wishful thinking?
I don't know.
He won't even talk about them.
I keep trying and trying, and I
don't even know why anymore.
It's because
you're a good person.
And you feel guilty.
So, now you're
fighting things that...
maybe you should just go with.
Maybe you're right.
♪ I got them all saying ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh. ♪
(crowd cheers)
NAVID (grunts):
Crazy, man.
Ah, thanks, man. You know,
if you want to get me back,
you're going to have
to double my rate, right?
Yeah, well, if I had
the authority to do,
uh, well, anything,
I totally would.
(chuckles)
Hey.
Have you seen Ade?
I was kind of being a jerk
to her before I went on.
No, I was actually
looking around for Silver.
I can't believe she's not here.
Come on, let me get you a drink.
Yeah.
You know, we really should
be out there right now.
(laughs) And how exactly
would that work?
Sit on my lap while
I do 360s to the beat.
It would be a hell
of a ride, too.
All right, let's do it.
(laughs) We'd cause too much
of a spectacle out here.
Hey, you want to take off,
maybe go get something to eat?
Although I got to warn you,
it's-it's not going to be mole
from Oaxaca.
Hey, am I interrupting?
Yeah, kind of.
Colin!
We were just hanging out.
I'm so glad you made it.
Uh, you remember Riley?
Yeah, of course, Riley,
man, good to see you.
You, too.
Come on, let's dance.
All right.
♪ ♪
Navid!
Hey.
Hey!
Sorry I'm late.
No, it's better late
than never.
So, what do you think?
It's pretty great, huh?
Well, if I can
do this with some little
clam shack...
Hey, I'm sorry.
This is really great.
Have you seen Liam?
I got to talk to him
about something.
Yeah, I'm, uh, sure
he's somewhere around here.
I better get back to work.
Whoo!
(audience cheering)
All right, everyone, please give
it up for Nelly Furtado!
(cheering)
(bass drum plays heavy beat)
♪ You caught me off guard ♪
♪ You know, hey, I'm pleased
to meet ya ♪
♪ Don't know if you
can hold me ♪
♪ But I gotta honor it, yeah ♪
♪ Depending on the minute,
depending on the hours ♪
♪ I guess I got some time
to waste ♪
♪ So we can chop away
the hours, yeah ♪
♪ Cool, so let's see
and then let's talk ♪
♪ And then let's walk,
yeah, and then, and then ♪
♪ Then let's see,
and then less walking ♪
♪ And less talking,
and we'll see ♪
♪ Yeah, bring your car
to the parking lot... ♪
Bottoms up!
Mmm! Max better get back soon.
I'm getting a little tanked.
Yes, you are. (chuckles)
And he will be.
He's going to be so
appreciative that you
are giving him the
lowdown on Alec.
Girl, you have moves!
I do cardio barre!
Hey, may I cut in?
No... you may not.
Whoo!
Madison, I know
Naomi's put you up
to something, okay?
We both know how
underhanded she is.
MADISON:
Underhanded-ish.
She stole your fiancé.
So, before you say anything
to Max, you think about this:
Did I ever say one word
against you and Max?
Well, no, but...
Just remember,
you and I know the truth.
Do not believe
that silver-tongued snake.
You are wasting
your time.
You weren't supportive
of my marriage!
The minute I realized
that you thought that,
I did everything I could
to make it up to you.
By convincing me
to hire Max's ex?
I didn't convince you
to do anything!
You liked her
work the best.
Because I'm really good.
Remember what we talked about,
Madison.
I'm thirsty!
Okay. Whoo!
There you go.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
And just remember how
I came into your
life and I ruined it
just like Alec
knew I would.
Don't let her manipulate
you, Madison.
How could I possibly have known
what was gonna happen?
And why would I
ever do something,
anything to hurt Max?
And think about it--
do you really think
that I would want Max
to end up with that?
Well, I will have you know,
Madison, that that...
(shrieks)
is the face
of evil!
Whoo!
♪ Na-na-na-na, ley, ley,
ah-ah-ah-ah, ha ♪
♪ Hey-hey-hey ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na, na, ley, ley ♪
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah, ha, hey-hey-hey ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na,
hand in hand, arm in arm... ♪
Okay, I need a break.
I'm hot.
Me, too.
What happened? I thought
you guys were gonna dance.
What are you talking about?
We just did.
That-that-that
was dancing?
Riley!
My bad,
my bad.
Oh, hey, it's cool.
I'm not the
greatest dancer.
Really? 'Cause I thought you
were the expert at everything.
By the way, moron,
um, there are no worms
in tequila.
Yeah, the Oaxacans,
they put it in mescal,
as a marketing ploy, basically,
just so that rich, stupid
gringo tourists like yourself
will buy overpriced firewater
and suck down worms.
Okay, what is wrong with you?
I'm really sorry.
No, no, Annie, please, don't...
don't apologize for me.
This... this is the kind of guy
you like, seriously?
This? Wow.
I thought you
were better than that, Annie,
but obviously I was wrong.
(gasps)
♪ Ah-ah-ah-ah, ha, hey-hey-hey ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na, ley, ley ♪
Hey!
(song ends)
(audience cheering)
Are you really gonna read
the whole thing?
Aren't there a lot
of pressing bar and club issues
that demand your scrupulous
attention to detail?
Wow, Corporate Invaders
must have
really touched a nerve, huh?
Oh, Liam, please.
If you must know,
I saw your stupid movie
with a stupid boyfriend
who dragged me to it,
which annoyed me so much
that I've since vowed I'll never
date another stupid guy.
Well, at least that explains why
you're so lonely and bitter.
You think everyone's stupid.
You have no right to judge me.
You don't even know me.
And you don't know me.
Hey, by the way, um, what was
your favorite part of the movie?
Check this out!
You will not believe
what I just got vid of!
That actor guy totally
doing some chick!
Wet and sloppy
standing sex!
NAVID:
Hey, dude, this
is a private club.
We don't allow video
of our customers.
I'll need your phone.
What, are you for real?
Got to protect my clientele.
Hey, you'll get it back, man.
Don't worry.
After I've erased it.
Okay, what was all that about?
Celebrity sex tape.
My club just
hit the big time!
Oh, God...
Who is that?
It's Liam!
Who's he with?
Uh, if I had to guess,
I'd say a yoga instructor.
No, wait.
Is that his teacher?
This guy is unbelievable.
Liam, this has to be way,
way on the down low.
C.U. does not look
kindly on professors
who consort with students,
even ex-students.
My firm would not be
thrilled, either.
Don't worry, Professor.
My lips are sealed.
Honey, thank you!
And call me when you get
back on your feet!
(sighs)
Recruiting Madison
was a real act of desperation.
So fitting.
I'm actually glad I did it.
I've been unearthing all kinds
of interesting things, Alec.
Great.
Be sure to tell Max
how you got it.
NAOMI:
Max!
You're not gonna believe
what I found out.
Come here.
Max?
We've been hacked.
What?
Look, we still don't know
the extent, but...
someone who really knew
what the hell they were doing
hacked into our secure server.
That's where everything
was stored, Max. Everything!
I...
This could sink us.
How the hell could something
like this happen?
I am so sorry.
That was just psycho.
I feel bad for the guy.
After what
he said to you?
It's not about what he said.
He's clearly got
a thing for you.
Maybe, but...
Look, cut him
some slack, okay?
You're pretty irresistible.
And with all
he's got going on.
I mean, you and I
can never imagine
the obstacles
these guys face.
You are such a nice guy, Colin.
(cell phone ringtone plays)
Annie, I'm so sorry.
Uh, business emergency.
I'll make it up to you,
I promise.
Don't worry about it.
My friends are here.
Great. You're the best.
Have you seen the specs?
We got everything we need
to get out in front of them.
I hacked into the wife's
mobile phone.
Candy from a baby.